# Contributing

## Rules

### The code itself

You are NOT allowed to create a pull request, which requests to add malicious code to the project. \
The branch, that you want to merge it with does NOT matter. \
This code can be, but is not limited to:

- Trojans
- Spyware
- Adware
- Ransomware
- Keyloggers

Releasing any kind of malicious code is also illegal and can be punished by the law.

### Stolen/copied code or other kinds of files

You are NOT allowed to create a pull request containing code or other types of files (Images/Videos/etc.), that you have no rights to. \
Please ONLY do so, if you are allowed to use those pieces of intellectual property. \
We ask you to provide the original source of the code/file, if you want to create a pull request containing code/files like this.

### How the code was made

If the code was made using ANY AI language model, we ask you to provide further information on how much of it was made using one of those. \
We also want to know what AI language model you use or if you used multiple, you should provide all names of them. \
For example, if a part of the code was made with ChatGPT-3 and ExampleAI (Not a real model to my knowledge):

```
{Beginning of the Pull Request}
A part of my Code has been generated by the following AI language models:

- GPT-3 (chat.openai.com)
- ExampleAI (example.ai)

Around 20% of the code were generated using AI.
```

If a huge chunk of code was generated by AI, your pull request probably won't get accepted.

## What do YOU get?

For contributing you will be mentioned in the [AUTHORS.md](https://github.com/BLUEAMETHYST-Studios/copra/blob/main/AUTHORS.md) file and get displayed as a contributor on this github page.

